Update README.md and replace .NET Cores with .NET (#97197)
dotnet/runtime: README.md

* [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) explains what kinds of contributions we welcome
* [Workflow Instructions](docs/workflow/README.md) explains how to build and test

> * [Get Up and Running on .NET](docs/project/dogfooding.md) explains how to get nightly builds of the runtime and its libraries to test them in your own projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Dogfooding daily builds of .NET](docs/project/dogfooding.md) explains how to get nightly builds of the runtime and its libraries to test them in your own projects.
```

## Reporting security issues and security bugs

Security issues and bugs should be reported privately, via email, to the Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC) <secure@microsoft.com>. You should receive a response within 24 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message. Further information, including the MSRC PGP key, can be found in the [Security TechCenter](https://www.microsoft.com/msrc/faqs-report-an-issue). You can also find these instructions in this repo's [Security doc](SECURITY.md).

> Also see info about related [Microsoft .NET and ASP.NET Core Bug Bounty Program](https://www.microsoft.com/msrc/bounty-dot-net-core).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also see info about related [Microsoft .NET Bounty Program](https://www.microsoft.com/msrc/bounty-dot-net-core).
```
Match the title of the linked page.
